Which presidents were born in 1945?
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which people were born in Heraklion?
What languages are spoken in Estonia?
Which books were written by Danielle Steel?
Which companies are located in California, USA?
Which organizations were founded in 1950?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Which airports are located in Chios?
Which books were published by DAW Books?
Which languages are spoken in Romania?
Which organizations were founded in 1918?
Which presidents were born in 1891?

Who are the presidents of the United States?
What is the highest mountain?
What is the revenue of IBM?
Who is the author of WikiLeaks?
What is the area code of Berlin?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
What is the highest mountain in Germany?
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
What is the profession of Frank Herbert?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
What is the longest river?
Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?
What is the capital of Canada?
Who is the governor of Texas?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
What is the largest city in Australia?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
What are the official languages of Tunisia?
What is the area code of Aegina?
What is the capital of Venezuela?
What is the currency of Rhodesia?
What is the eye color of Liza Kennedy?
What is the hair color of Marlon Teixeira?
What is the official color of the Carleton University?
What is the ruling party in Lo Espejo?
When was the Cobble Hill Tunnel built?
When was the Operation Purple Haze?
Where is the Sandhammaren located?
Who is the editor of Semana?
Who is the founder of DC Comics?
Who is the heaviest player of the ASK Riga?
Who is the manager of Gazelle FC?
Who is the mayor of Virar?
Who is the mayor of the capital of New Caledonia?
Who is the owner of Mazda?
Who is the tallest player of Udinese Calcio?
Who is the youngest Snooker player?
Who were the parents of Maria of Antioch?

Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Who created the comic Old Man Logan?
Who designed the Langebro?
Who developed the video game Duke Nukem 3D?

List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?

Which people have as their given name Jimmy?

Who created English Wikipedia?
Who developed Skype?
Who founded Intel?
Who created Goofy?
Which states border Illinois?
Who created Wikipedia?
Who created Retrocrush?
Who created Miss Marple?
Who developed Quake engine?
Who founded Sony?
Who produces Red Bull?

Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which software has been published by Mean Hamster Software?

Which country does the Airedale Terrier come from?
Which genre does DBpedia belong to?
Which classis does the Millepede belong to?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?

Who was Tom Hanks married to?

When was DBpedia released?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
When was Sevcon founded?
When was Albert Schweitzer born?
When was the Riverdale Monument built?

Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Give me all books written by David Foster Wallace.
Give me all video games published by Black Isle Studios.

Who is called Dana?

Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?

In which programming language is GIMP written?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
In which country is the Tasman Lake?
In which country is the Tiefer See?
In which programming language is QuickTime written?

Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Who painted Unfinished portrait of General Bonaparte?

Give me all movies with Tom Cruise!
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
Give me all members of Prodigy.
Give me all companies in Munich.
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
Give me all companies in Jena.
Give me all soccer clubs in Qatar.
Give me the children of David Foster.
Give me the homepage of Metropolitan Home.

In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
In which country does the Nile start?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?

Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?

Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
Give me a list of all trumpet players that were bandleaders.
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
Give me all inflows of the Lake Houston.
Give me all members of The Who.

Give me the official websites of actors of the television show Charmed.

Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
When did Jules Bergman die?
When did Red Sonja's creator die?
Where did Queen Emma of Hawaii die?

How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
How deep is Steinsee?
How tall is John Windsor?
How tall is Kate Upton?

Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?

Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?

Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Which companies are in the computer software industry?

What did Bruce Carver die from?

Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Give me all cars that are produced in Netherlands.

Give me all actors starring in movies directed by and starring William Shatner.

Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.

How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
How many employees does IBM have?
How many employees does Staedtler have?
How many inhabitants does Nagamangala have?
How many pages does The Man with the Red Tattoo have?
How many students does the Texas Tech University have?

List all boardgames by GMT.

Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
Which artist made the album Old School Prankstas?
Which bridges cross the Prut?
Which museum exhibits The Skater?

In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?

Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.

Give me all Argentine films.
Give me all Avant-garde jazz record labels.

When was Alberta admitted as province?

List the children of Margaret Thatcher.

Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?

How high is the Mount Everest?
How big is the Mammoth Pool Reservoir?
How high is the Doe Hill Mountain?
How high is the Volcano Mountain?
How high is the Landegode Lighthouse?

How many people live in the capital of Australia?
How many people live in the capital of Togo?

Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?

For which label did Elvis record his first album?

Which awards did WikiLeaks win?
Which instruments does Courtney Love play?

When did Finland join the EU?

From which region is the Refosco dal Peduncolo Rosso?

How much did Vanilla Sky cost?

In which country is Solaize located?

Show me everyone who was born on Boxing Day.

When is Gibraltar Diamond Jubilee Flotilla?

Which music albums contain the song Into Your Arms?

Who wrote the book Leave It to Psmith?

