From which region is the Refosco dal Peduncolo Rosso?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
Which people were born in Heraklion?
Give me a list of all trumpet players that were bandleaders.
How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
How many inhabitants does Nagamangala have?
Which actors were born in Germany?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
Give me all inflows of the Lake Houston.
Who were the parents of Maria of Antioch?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
When was the Operation Purple Haze?
What is the highest mountain?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Give me all books written by David Foster Wallace.
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
What is the ruling party in Lo Espejo?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
When was DBpedia released?
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
How many people live in the capital of Togo?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
When was Sevcon founded?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
What is the largest city in Australia?
What is the area code of Aegina?
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Who created Retrocrush?
In which programming language is QuickTime written?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
When was the Riverdale Monument built?
Which awards did WikiLeaks win?
Who is the owner of Mazda?
Where did Queen Emma of Hawaii die?
In which country is the Tasman Lake?
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
What is the highest mountain in Germany?
How tall is Kate Upton?
When was Alberta admitted as province?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Give me all Avant-garde jazz record labels.
Which organizations were founded in 1950?
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Show me everyone who was born on Boxing Day.
What is the eye color of Liza Kennedy?
When was the Cobble Hill Tunnel built?
Who is the author of WikiLeaks?
Which airports are located in Chios?
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
Give me all companies in Jena.
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Who created Wikipedia?
How much did Vanilla Sky cost?
Give me all soccer clubs in Qatar.
Which languages are spoken in Romania?
Who is the tallest player of Udinese Calcio?
Give me the homepage of Metropolitan Home.
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
How tall is Michael Jordan?
What is the capital of Venezuela?
Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.
Who is the youngest Snooker player?
How many students does the Texas Tech University have?
How tall is John Windsor?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
Which classis does the Millepede belong to?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
When did Finland join the EU?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by and starring William Shatner.
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
In which country is Solaize located?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
Who developed the video game Duke Nukem 3D?
Give me the children of David Foster.
What is the revenue of IBM?
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
Which organizations were founded in 1918?
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Who is the manager of Gazelle FC?
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
Which instruments does Courtney Love play?
Where is the Sandhammaren located?
Who created English Wikipedia?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
When did Jules Bergman die?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise!
Which bridges cross the Prut?
How many employees does IBM have?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
Who wrote the book Leave It to Psmith?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
Which presidents were born in 1945?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
What is the official color of the Carleton University?
Which companies are in the computer software industry?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
What is the capital of Canada?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
Which books were written by Danielle Steel?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
Give me all members of The Who.
Who founded Sony?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
When is Gibraltar Diamond Jubilee Flotilla?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
Give me all companies in Munich.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
What is the area code of Berlin?
How high is the Mount Everest?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
Who is the editor of Semana?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Who founded Intel?
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
What is the area code of Berlin?
How many pages does The Man with the Red Tattoo have?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
How many employees does Staedtler have?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?
Give me all members of Prodigy.
How deep is Steinsee?
What is the longest river?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Which books were published by DAW Books?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Which artist made the album Old School Prankstas?
Which museum exhibits The Skater?
What are the official languages of Tunisia?
When did Red Sonja's creator die?
Which music albums contain the song Into Your Arms?
In which country does the Nile start?
Who was Tom Hanks married to?
Who created Goofy?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Give me all Argentine films.
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Who created Miss Marple?
Which software has been published by Mean Hamster Software?
Who developed Skype?
Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?
What is the profession of Frank Herbert?
Who is the governor of Texas?
Who is the heaviest player of the ASK Riga?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
Give me all cars that are produced in Netherlands.
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
List all boardgames by GMT.
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
Which states border Illinois?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
Who is the mayor of the capital of New Caledonia?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
What languages are spoken in Estonia?
How high is the Landegode Lighthouse?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
Who is the mayor of Virar?
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
Which organizations were founded in 1950?
How high is the Doe Hill Mountain?
Give me the official websites of actors of the television show Charmed.
Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
What is the highest mountain?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
In which country does the Nile start?
Which classis does the Millepede belong to?
Who developed Quake engine?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Give me all video games published by Black Isle Studios.
Which country does the Airedale Terrier come from?
What is the hair color of Marlon Teixeira?
Who are the presidents of the United States?
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which people have as their given name Jimmy?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
What is the currency of Rhodesia?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
Which companies are located in California, USA?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
Who produces Red Bull?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Who painted Unfinished portrait of General Bonaparte?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
When was Albert Schweitzer born?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
Which presidents were born in 1891?
How big is the Mammoth Pool Reservoir?
Who created the comic Old Man Logan?
In which country is the Tiefer See?
How high is the Volcano Mountain?
Which genre does DBpedia belong to?
Who designed the Langebro?
Who is the founder of DC Comics?
Who is called Dana?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
