Which presidents were born in 1945?
Who are the presidents of the United States?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
Which people have as their given name Jimmy?
Who created English Wikipedia?
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which actors were born in Germany?
Which country does the Airedale Terrier come from?
Who was Tom Hanks married to?
When was DBpedia released?
Which people were born in Heraklion?
Give me all films produced by Hal Roach.
Which software has been published by Mean Hamster Software?
What languages are spoken in Estonia?
Who is called Dana?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Which books were written by Danielle Steel?
Which companies are located in California, USA?
Which genre does DBpedia belong to?
In which programming language is GIMP written?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise!
In which films did Julia Roberts as well as Richard Gere play?
Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?
Give me all soccer clubs in the Premier League.
Which organizations were founded in 1950?
What is the highest mountain?
Give me the official websites of actors of the television show Charmed.
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
In which country does the Nile start?
Which classis does the Millepede belong to?
How tall is Claudia Schiffer?
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
What is the revenue of IBM?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
Which television shows were created by Walt Disney?
In which films directed by Garry Marshall was Julia Roberts starring?
Which bridges are of the same type as the Manhattan Bridge?
Who is the author of WikiLeaks?
What is the area code of Berlin?
When was the Battle of Gettysburg?
What is the highest mountain in Germany?
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
Which telecommunications organizations are located in Belgium?
What is the profession of Frank Herbert?
Give me the homepage of Forbes.
Which companies are in the computer software industry?
What did Bruce Carver die from?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
Give me all members of Prodigy.
What is the longest river?
Give me all cars that are produced in Germany.
Give me all people that were born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?
How tall is Michael Jordan?
What is the capital of Canada?
Who is the governor of Texas?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
Give me all movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by and starring William Shatner.
Who is the mayor of Berlin?
What is the birth name of Angela Merkel?
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
Who developed Skype?
How many inhabitants does Maribor have?
Give me all companies in Munich.
List all boardgames by GMT.
Who founded Intel?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which countries are connected by the Rhine?
Which professional surfers were born on the Philippines?
In which UK city are the headquarters of the MI6?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
What are the nicknames of San Francisco?
When were the Hells Angels founded?
Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
Give me a list of all lakes in Denmark.
Give me all Argentine films.
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
When was Alberta admitted as province?
List the children of Margaret Thatcher.
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
How high is the Mount Everest?
How many people live in the capital of Australia?
What is the largest city in Australia?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
Which films starring Clint Eastwood did he direct himself?
Give me a list of all trumpet players that were bandleaders.
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
What is the founding year of the brewery that produces Pilsner Urquell?
Who wrote the lyrics for the Polish national anthem?
Give me all B-sides of the Ramones.
Who painted The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Which country does the creator of Miffy come from?
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
Who created Goofy?
Give me the birthdays of all actors of the television show Charmed.
How many employees does IBM have?
Which states border Illinois?
Which awards did WikiLeaks win?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
Through which countries does the Yenisei river flow?
When did Finland join the EU?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Give me all companies in the advertising industry.
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
What is the official website of Tom Cruise?
Give me all people with first name Jimmy.
Who created Wikipedia?
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Which airports are located in California, USA?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
Give me all movies with Tom Cruise.
From which region is the Refosco dal Peduncolo Rosso?
Give me all Avant-garde jazz record labels.
Give me all books written by David Foster Wallace.
Give me all cars that are produced in Netherlands.
Give me all companies in Jena.
Give me all inflows of the Lake Houston.
Give me all members of The Who.
Give me all soccer clubs in Qatar.
Give me all video games published by Black Isle Studios.
Give me the children of David Foster.
Give me the homepage of Metropolitan Home.
How big is the Mammoth Pool Reservoir?
How deep is Steinsee?
How high is the Doe Hill Mountain?
How high is the Volcano Mountain?
How high is the Landegode Lighthouse?
How many employees does Staedtler have?
How many inhabitants does Nagamangala have?
How many pages does The Man with the Red Tattoo have?
How many people live in the capital of Togo?
How many students does the Texas Tech University have?
How much did Vanilla Sky cost?
How tall is John Windsor?
How tall is Kate Upton?
In which country is Solaize located?
In which country is the Tasman Lake?
In which country is the Tiefer See?
In which programming language is QuickTime written?
Show me everyone who was born on Boxing Day.
What are the official languages of Tunisia?
What is the area code of Aegina?
What is the capital of Venezuela?
What is the currency of Rhodesia?
What is the eye color of Liza Kennedy?
What is the hair color of Marlon Teixeira?
What is the official color of the Carleton University?
What is the ruling party in Lo Espejo?
When did Jules Bergman die?
When did Red Sonja's creator die?
When is Gibraltar Diamond Jubilee Flotilla?
When was Sevcon founded?
When was Albert Schweitzer born?
When was the Cobble Hill Tunnel built?
When was the Riverdale Monument built?
When was the Operation Purple Haze?
Where did Queen Emma of Hawaii die?
Where is the Sandhammaren located?
Which airports are located in Chios?
Which artist made the album Old School Prankstas?
Which books were published by DAW Books?
Which bridges cross the Prut?
Which instruments does Courtney Love play?
Which languages are spoken in Romania?
Which museum exhibits The Skater?
Which music albums contain the song Into Your Arms?
Which organizations were founded in 1918?
Which presidents were born in 1891?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
Who created Retrocrush?
Who created Miss Marple?
Who created the comic Old Man Logan?
Who designed the Langebro?
Who developed Quake engine?
Who developed the video game Duke Nukem 3D?
Who founded Sony?
Who is the editor of Semana?
Who is the founder of DC Comics?
Who is the heaviest player of the ASK Riga?
Who is the manager of Gazelle FC?
Who is the mayor of Virar?
Who is the mayor of the capital of New Caledonia?
Who is the owner of Mazda?
Who is the tallest player of Udinese Calcio?
Who is the youngest Snooker player?
Who painted Unfinished portrait of General Bonaparte?
Who produces Red Bull?
Who were the parents of Maria of Antioch?
Who wrote the book Leave It to Psmith?
